Friday 10:21 PM

fc823107-9b6d-4944-9061-2c24bdb87257.png

ed4e5f13-6ecf-4d58-885d-ed04af2782b9.png

3823825e-f170-4b92-96ae-5b1b6a8602f2.png

look at the background color for the menu section uptop, I want that color in ted's site too, and that should also be in the footer and the newsletter section. Then reduce that big space between the header and the body, then that latest writing section that we improved I feel like it will be even better if its width is just as similar as the other sections,,,do not however increase the fonts, just the lines width to increase.  In the articles details page, No fancy designs like in the attached 2nd screenshot, I just expect normal paragraphs and titles if they exist, also lets add an image in this page maybe uptop or somewhere nice, the title is also tooooo big, make it have a nice size(I hate big fonts in websites), then I don't like the archives page design, use cards and we should have a button for view more, also don't show the years as you have done, its a blog site man, the about page could use some more words maybe at the bottom, also add more paragraphs in the articles details page as ted likes to write long stories

6ecea485-f6ef-4f28-857e-f175a04ea231.png

b4f3fa91-6d51-4b0f-b00a-db90e27a67c1.png

af5a13e9-6c46-449f-92e3-d18099cc76b3.png

f75a0a1c-0381-4e6b-a8ee-e24c31758806.png

for the dark theme lets use this background color instead in the 1st 2 images...then the border top of the 1st article in the articles and archive page needs to go. the header part of those 2 pages needs to be reduced though, its occupying to much space, then in the last screenshot remove the border around that

Today 10:15 AM

8d80b883-1a96-48df-adea-94186826a53c.png

hey, I want us to make a couple of changes, 1st on the homepage on large screens I want us to have two articles, one from from the archives and one latest one, and they need to be side by side, like 2 columns(you see the way the article looks like in small screens, so just use that design and make them 2 and place them side by side), then at the bottom of the homepage, I want us to remove the newsletter cta, nobody subscribes to those, then we will replace them with a bunch of articles each with images(maybe 3 or 4) and make them pretty, then in the header screenshot i have attached the header seems to be taking about half the screen height and its just a header, Reduce it so that it occupies at most 1/4 of the current space, and the same should apply in all pages, I just want small headers(reduce the spcing and the font sizes too), then when the menu opens in small screens, I don't like the current design, lets use the one that opens from the side and occupies about 3/4 of the screens size., Then in the about page, you added that one new section but the spacing before and after the section is crazy, reduce the top and bottom spacing by about half and then add another section at the bottom

The public-facing website is nearly complete. The main missing client page is Search. A dedicated /search page is the cleanest option because it works well on mobile, supports browser navigation, and can later search Supabase directly.

I recommend the next phase includes:

Functional /search page

Search icon opens that page and automatically focuses the input

Live filtering by title, category, excerpt and author

Search term stored in the URL, such as /search?q=kenya

Anonymous like/dislike reactions

Article view counts

One reaction per browser, with the ability to change or remove it

Protection against counting every refresh as a new view

More compact Archive introduction

About heading changed to: “Writer. Editor. Observer of Kenyan life.”

For accurate likes and views across different visitors and devices, this is the correct point to begin the small Supabase foundation. localStorage alone would only create fake device-specific totals rather than real website counts.

The remaining optional pages can wait:

Custom 404 page

Category page

Individual author pages when guest writers are enabled

Privacy page once analytics and anonymous visitor tracking are activated

The next implementation should therefore be Search + anonymous article engagement + Supabase foundation.

0f99bd38-92f4-4cec-a046-5edd52daf7eb.png

Okay finish up the remaining sections as described above and also fix this open menu the spacing between the menu items, it looks crazy currently, then maybe add more menu items like the Humor and something else but this would just open the articles page and filter the articles using those keywords(so that the open menu can look like it has items), but remember when we open the articles page it should not show the featured article, it should show the list of articles section....write the code

V8 is complete: Download svgted-malanda-design-pack-v8.zip.

What’s included:

Fixed excessive spacing between side-menu items

Added mobile menu shortcuts:

Humour & Satire

Kenyan Life

Public Affairs

Memory & Place

Search

Category shortcuts open Articles already filtered

Filtered/menu visits skip the featured article and land at the article list

Working /search page

Search covers titles, categories, excerpts and author names

Article views, likes and dislikes

Author profile page

Privacy page

Custom 404 page

Improved About heading: “Writer. Editor. Observer of Kenyan life.”

Install



cd C:\Users\John\Documents\Projects\ted-malanda

& "C:\Users\John\Downloads\ted-malanda-design-pack-v8\ted-malanda-design-pack-v8\apply-design-pack.cmd"

If extraction created only one folder level:



& "C:\Users\John\Downloads\ted-malanda-design-pack-v8\apply-design-pack.cmd"

Then:



npm run dev

Test:



http://localhost:3000/search
http://localhost:3000/articles?category=Humour%20%26%20Satire#all-writing
http://localhost:3000/authors/ted-malanda
http://localhost:3000/privacy

The engagement buttons work locally immediately. For shared view/reaction totals, V8 includes:



supabase\article-engagement.sql

We can configure and run that together when we begin the Supabase phase. The complete production build passed with all 17 routes.

7945e081-985a-4bec-890a-af13d2d763bc.png

9116246e-78df-4651-8e78-7b6a9c37ec92.png

the archive header part is still crazy big in terms of spacing, make it like the artcicles page, then can we do away with those lines in the open menu, they are ugly, then move the like and unlike button from th top and place them at the bottom, to target when readers finish reading the stories, only retain the view count and the like count at the top(and make them very small) and place them in the same line as the author name and date as they will be very small.....the search page looks amazing thanks

Today 12:18 PM

bbb9cd6c-ea4b-467f-a4f3-aa063ad116a1.png

so I can test all these - are they ready now?......What is available in Admin

You can now manage:

Dashboard overview

New and existing articles

Draft and published articles

Scheduled publication dates

Archive designation

Featured articles

Categories

Ted and guest authors

Optional article images

Image descriptions and captions

Original publisher and source URL

Complete About-page text

Ted’s About-page portrait

Heading and reading fonts

Views, likes and dislikes.....Then the admin looks very simple and nice but it feels empty, like when I look at it I feel like no much design went into it. So lets redo the design for the whole admin, make it look like how big companies or the best designers do it, the editor for writing needs to be intelligent like we can decide where the image to be, we can adjust the text formatting etc and it also needs to be well designed. For the select and option inputs lets use react select(or whatever option is there for nextjs), give the admin some life. use nice libraries to make things look pretty

Yes—after installing V11 and connecting Supabase, you can test everything listed. V11 also fixes the exact encType runtime error shown in your screenshot.

Download: svgted-malanda-publishing-studio-v11.zip

Install V11

Extract the ZIP, stop the running server with Ctrl+C, then run:



cd C:\Users\John\Documents\Projects\ted-malanda

& "$env:USERPROFILE\Downloads\ted-malanda-publishing-studio-v11\ted-malanda-design-pack-v11\apply-design-pack-v11.cmd"

V11 is cumulative, so it works whether or not you already installed V10. Package installation may take a few minutes because the editor has several dependencies.

Then start the website:



npm run dev

Open:



http://localhost:3000/admin

What changed

The admin is now designed as a proper publishing workspace:

Polished sticky admin header

Dedicated publishing navigation panel

Layered backgrounds and subtle depth

Improved dashboard statistic cards

Better article tables and hover states

More polished forms and focus states

Improved sign-in screen

Responsive mobile admin layout

Searchable React Select fields

Professional rich-text article editor

Character count

Clear saving indicator

Better empty states and status badges

The editor now supports:

Normal paragraphs

Section headings

Bold

Italic

Bulleted lists

Numbered lists

Block quotations

Links

Left and centre alignment

Undo and redo

Inline images

Image resizing

Uploading an image exactly where the cursor is positioned

Tiptap specifically recommends disabling immediate rendering for Next.js to prevent hydration problems; that configuration is included. Tiptap Next.js documentation

Two different image controls

The editor intentionally has two types of images:

Main image

This is uploaded outside the editor and appears on the homepage, Articles page, Archive page and at the top of the article.

Inline images

Place the cursor anywhere in the article and click the image button in the editor toolbar. The uploaded image appears at that position inside the story.

The public article page now understands and safely renders all supported formatting.

What requires Supabase

These features work after completing the Supabase setup:

Admin sign-in

Creating and editing articles

Publishing and scheduling

Image uploads

Categories and authors

About-page editing

Font settings

Shared views, likes and dislikes

Without Supabase, the public site still uses its fallback demonstration content, but the database administration features cannot save anything.

Recommended testing order

Sign into /admin.

Create a category.

Add a guest author.

Create an article as a draft.

Test all editor formatting.

Insert an image in the middle of the story.

Add a separate main image.

Save and reopen the draft.

Publish it.

Confirm it appears on the public Articles page.

Mark it as archived and confirm it appears in Archive.

Mark it as featured and confirm the featured selection.

Change the About-page text and portrait.

Change the heading and reading fonts.

Open the published article in another browser and test views, likes and dislikes.

The updated package passed ESLint, TypeScript and the complete Next.js production build.

8f426881-e812-41c6-978d-a573a10d765e.png

9300f25e-18a4-4410-bd67-47055e5493f2.png

style the file input man, it looks weird now. Then remove those active effects when I select an input or start typing, they are ugly as you can see in the screenshot, Then in small screens the let these "OverviewArticlesCategoriesAuthorsAbout pageAppearance  " be in a sidebar that appears from the left........Then reduce border radius of every component in the admin(make them very small), that would make them more professional.......status input could it also be react select. Then the borders are too think and obvious, make them subtle througout the admin, I did you get any inspiration from the readers side?

You were right: V11 leaned too much toward a generic SaaS dashboard. V12 brings the admin closer to the restrained editorial character of the reader-facing website.

Download: svgted-malanda-publishing-studio-v12.zip

Changes include:

Properly styled file inputs

Removed the heavy orange focus rings

Subtle input focus states

React Select for status, author and category

Left-opening mobile administration sidebar

Background overlay when the sidebar opens

Active navigation indication

Small, professional border radii

Much lighter borders

Flatter cards and forms

Reduced shadows

Less decorative dashboard styling

Smaller editor button radii

Subtler editor borders

Existing rich editor and inline image placement preserved

Install it after stopping the server:



cd C:\Users\John\Documents\Projects\ted-malanda

& "$env:USERPROFILE\Downloads\ted-malanda-publishing-studio-v12\ted-malanda-design-pack-v12\apply-design-pack-v12.cmd"

Then:



npm run dev

Refresh the admin with Ctrl+F5.

No additional Supabase SQL is required for V12. The package passed ESLint, TypeScript and the complete production build.

9bbf6f59-06aa-4c09-b395-2df3b1ed95d6.png

43ab0e16-48e2-4ea1-83c2-051032711d59.png

the menu on small screens has a huge problem, fix it, it looks blank. Then publishing appears twice on large screens, then on appearance page, use react select. Also can we show how the appearance will look like at the bottom?, thenon large screens the menu section, for active and hover effects, the border radius is still huge, remove the border radius then make the width occupy 100% of the menu for active and hovered items

svg

You've hit your usage limit. Contact your workspace owner for more access.

You’re out of Work usage for now

Request more usage from your owner to continue using Work.

Request increase

svg

svg

svg